# Batterystatus
#### A status bar utility for DWM

This is a DWM statusbar utility that only shows the remaining battery life of the device.
It's a stripped-down version of suckless.org's dwmstatus utility: https://git.suckless.org/dwmstatus/  
I don't need cpu temperature or time, just the remaining life of my craptop so I can plug it in if it gets low.
The xsetroot program can be used to update the statusbar title, but I didn't want to install it.

To install batterystatus, clone this repo, navigate to ./batterystatus and run ```sudo make clean install```
```console
you@yourhost:~ $ git clone https://github.com/qkmiller/batterystatus
you@yourhost:~ $ cd batterystatus
you@yourhost:~ $ sudo make clean install
Cleaning
Build options:
CC       = gcc
CFLAGS   = -std=c99 -pedantic -Wall -Wno-deprecated-declarations -Os -I/usr/include/X11
LDFLAGS  = -L/usr/lib/X11 -lX11
---------
Compiling batterystatus.c
Linking batterystatus
Copying batterystatus to /usr/bin
```

Then, add ```exec batterystatus``` to the same script you use to run DWM.
It should look something like this:
```console
exec dwm & exec batterystatus
```

You can run ```make clean``` to get rid of the local file generated by make during the build process.

## LICENSE
This is the same license included with dwmstatus from suckless.org.

MIT/X Consortium License

© 2011-2018 Christoph Lohmann <20h@r-36.net>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
